See if they can see us.
Comment if you can hear us.
Hello, everybody.
Good morning, family.
I'm not used to doing live video, so it's very strange for me.
I appreciate you all joining me tonight.
My heart is heavy for the people in New Orleans.
When the Lord showed me that on October 27th, He showed me a man going down Bourbon Street and doing what he did, and it's very sad.
People say, 'Brandon, you got it right; you saw that.
' Then they say, 'Well, you didn't get Tennessee right, but you saw Las Vegas and that happened.
' Folks, I'm looking over in the spirit, and the Lord is showing me what I'm seeing.
I'm praying for these things not to happen.
That's the bottom line: we don't want this stuff to happen.
We don't want to see this in the news.
To me, that is a prayer failure whenever you see something tragic taking place.
When the Lord is warning you about something, it's to stop it.
You might say, 'Well, you missed it prophetically.
' I don't consider myself a prophet.
I say it a thousand times; I believe I'm a Watchman.
The Lord has called Diana and me to raise up a million-person prayer army, and that's what we're doing.
We're so excited about Asia and what's happening with our Asia channels; the gospel is being spread throughout the whole world.
But whenever you see a tragic event like the one in New Orleans over the last 24 hours, I feel we failed.
I grieve because those people were down there partying and drinking, and we don't know where their souls were with the Lord.
We pray they knew Jesus Christ and had a saving knowledge of Him because it's a very hard time for their families.
It's a terrible way to start out this beautiful 2025.
I pray for them and weep with their families.
The Lord showed me a major event taking place in Nevada.
He showed me those three men and told me that there are major cells throughout America and that they had plans.
The Lord even brought up the name ISIS.
He showed me Bourbon Street and these things.
Pray for Nashville and for families to always be in the right place at the right time.
It is so important in these last days for you to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit, listening to Him on everything you do.
The days are going to get very dark.
I told you 2025 for the remnant—there are two prophetic words that the Lord showed me.
For the bride, for the remnant, it was like the ten virgins.
Five had their lamps full of oil and were expecting the bridegroom, and the ones that did not have their lamps full of oil had to rush off and try to find oil because the bridegroom was coming.
I want to be the one that has my lamp full of oil in these last days because of how serious the hour is.
We are going to see very dark days, folks, but we are the ones that are going to be the light in the darkness.
People will come like bugs to a light.
The Lord showed me even in this last vision on December 26th—on Diana's birthday when we had the visitation—He showed me people had catchers' mitts in their hands.
Like in baseball, we would be the ones with the catchers' mitts ready to catch the lost in 2025.
People are looking for authenticity in these last days, not religious, fake stuff.
Many preachers are preaching AI sermons that don't come from the Spirit of God; it's coming from a computer.
People are wanting a true and authentic move of God, and I believe God has raised up Diana and me to talk about the real.
I don't like fake religious stuff.
It's not about Brandon getting it right.
I want Jesus to say, 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant.
' It's about deflecting the glory of man and putting it on the Father.
No matter how many times you get it right or how many times people call you a false prophet, it's all about Jesus.
I remember I was driving down I-35 by Edmond, and I was exiting off of Covell Street.
The Lord spoke to me and said, 'Brandon, very sobering days are coming in the near future.
' He said to be filled with and controlled by My Spirit to bubbling over.
That's how you're going to maintain a backbone like a crowbar.
Treat your Bible like we do our cell phones.
Smith Wigglesworth would get out his Bible every 15 minutes and feed on the word of God.
That's what gives you power and changes you from glory to glory.
It's not some YouTuber or some prophetic word that's going to set you free; it's having a relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ.
The more you get in that word, the more it's going to change you from the inside out.
In these last days, the Bible says we will know His voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
You have that inward, still, small voice on the inside of you.
Father, I thank You that You're speaking to me and showing me the plans You have for me and Diana.
He knows your future, ladies and gentlemen.
He wants you to have life more abundantly.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
That's what happened in New Orleans and Las Vegas—places that have an open door through sin.
But if you have the blood of Jesus and you're holding that blood against him, the name of the Lord is a strong tower, and the righteous run into it and are safe.
As long as you keep Jesus number one and keep those doors shut, I believe in divine protection.
The Lord told me that for the days that are coming, we will have to have a deep knowledge of Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
I told you I saw a plague coming—COVID on steroids.
But we know the honey glow is all about Jesus and what He's going to do.
He's going to anoint you to withstand the enemy's attack.
No weapon formed against you will prosper.
The Lord showed me major attacks trying to come against mega-churches in Houston, Tampa, and North Carolina.
I saw a lot of people coming in with a lot of mass shootings trying to hurt folks.
It's smart to have police officers and security at your church to protect your congregation.
I saw cells of people coming not only from the southern border but from the northern border in Toronto.
Interceding for a peaceful transition of power and praying for Trump's protection.
The enemy will try to touch what he loves.
I saw the Lord cracking His whip like a lion tamer towards the dragons and the bear.
It made them pause, but it did not destroy them.
We must intercede for him to finish his race.
This channel is bringing a million-person prayer army for the glory of God.
Prayer changes things.
You'll know the truth, and the truth will make you free.
You need a Rhema word that becomes alive inside of you; it's having a Rhema word of God that tells you what it is.
The Holy Spirit brings it to life.
It's life to those that find them and health to all their flesh.
I remember the visitation from the Lord where I saw Him being crucified.
He said, 'It's the word, Brandon.
' You have to believe you are saved, healed, and blessed.
I'm more than a conqueror through Him who loved me.
Arise and shine, for the light has come.
Nothing shall by any means hurt you.
I believe there was divine protection in Nevada at Trump's hotel; nobody was standing close to that truck because it was a Cyber Truck and people are drawn to them.
The guy in the truck died, but nobody else did.
That's a prayer victory.
Whatever the devil meant for bad, God is going to turn it for good.
I command back sevenfold what the devil stole.
Take authority over your neighborhoods and your churches.
We make much of the blood of Jesus.
It's time for us to take our authority in these last days.
Let's pray for the families and for divine protection over President Trump.
A great acceleration is coming.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over our families.
We stand on Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
2025 will be a year of victory and thriving.
Father, I pray over the hearts of the people in New Orleans.
May they find You and know You in this time of pain.
We always look to Jesus when bad things happen.
We pray for our law enforcement, the FBI, and the Sheriff's Department.
Give them supernatural wisdom to expose the darkness.
There is one last call for a mighty harvest.
We are the generation that will see the Lord come.
Jesus is standing there with His hand on the doorknob.
Is your heart ready?
None of us are promised tomorrow.
If you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
What did you do with the time He gave you?
Say this prayer: 'Father, I'm a sinner in need of a savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I believe You died on the cross and rose again.
I'm coming home.
' If you said that, go get baptized and get plugged into a Bible-believing church.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
I'm telling you, our redemption is drawing near.
This video is raw and unedited because that's who we are.
We pray for South Korea, for those undergoing chemo, and for marriages.
We believe you are healed from the top of your head to the soles of your feet.
We come against demonic strongholds.
Suspect in custody, victim unharmed in Vegas—prayer works!
We come against Alzheimer's and dementia in the name of Jesus.
Call those things that be not as though they were.
In 2025, you have the mind of Christ.
Don't be upset about closed doors; God has something better in store.
We come against pneumonia.
We pray for a worldwide revival.
I listen to the word over and over to overcome learning disabilities.
I smacked my head on the fireplace earlier—I'm seeing stars!
I take communion with whatever is available, even a potato chip, for intimacy with the Father.
I'm focusing on my weight in 2025, getting back on the bike and cutting out Sonic Cokes and Cherry Limeade.
I'm doing a lot better after getting COVID at the revival in Cassville.
I remember a man with failing lungs who was healed after I prayed for him.
It's about faith, not feelings.
We're going to see deliverances.
Rebuke demons; don't interview them.
I've got to go—the Holy Spirit is correcting me for being a bit flaky!
Jesus loves you.